---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2012-05-25 20:52:23
layout: post
slug: story
title: Story
wordpress_id: 170
---

He sat down at his desk. He felt the familiar touch of his keyboard under his fingers. It was always a relief to be back at his computer. It was the only thing he felt he could actually depend on. Circuits only do what you tell them to do after all, no more, no less. People were different. People can't be trusted the way machines can. He thought about Artificial Intelligence. 'Making machines more like people,' he thought to himself and scoffed. How would that ever be useful? His computer beeped, to show it was ready. He tried to resist the urge to look up those people that had rejected him before. It's always so difficult to see people doing better than you, especially if they're people you can't stand. Of course, none of them _actually _had a better life than him, but he didn't know that or didn't want to know. He finally found the courage to close the browser window again.

<!-- more -->He opened a bunch of other sites and checked his messages, of which there were none, as usual. It's funny, the way people tell you they're there for you, the way they might tell the terminal sick. Whenever you come to them, sure, they'll talk to you, they'll listen to your feelings. However, the moment you stop coming to them, it's like you cease to exist. Someday he'd just like to see someone come talking to him unprovoked. He wondered if anyone else ever felt this way. Probably not. People don't tend to keep their feelings to themselves. They're constantly surrounded by people. They seem happy. That means they are happy.

He looked at the chatrooms he was in. At least he still had them, and IM contacts. Nice and anonymous, no obligations, just the way he liked it. He grabbed a pack of cigarettes out of his pocket and lit one up. Somehow, he liked the idea of being dependent on something, as long as it wasn't someone he depended on. He clicked past site after site in his attempts to replace a social life. His friends were probably hanging out somewhere, but how would he know? He started an IM conversation one of his online friends. There were quite a few of these contacts, people that he had never even seen in real life before. Somehow, they knew him best. Probably because he had no reason whatsoever to lie about himself to someone he didn't even know personally. The conversation quickly turned into an intervention.

"Just ask a couple friends and go do something," they said. "Nothing's going to happen unless you make it happen."

"Well, that's the point, isn't it?" he replied. He thought to himself how unfortunate it was that his annoyance could not reach the other end of the line. "Whenever I do reach out, I do something. When I don't, I'm alone. Yet I do reach out to them. I don't like the idea of leeching."

He'd had this conversation many times before, and nobody ever came up with a satisfactory answer. They all pretended like it was so easy, and it probably was. If you are in fact inside a circle of friends already. If you're just a point swerving around the perimeter, it's a lot tougher. He closed the IM window and looked at the empty screen. He decided right then and there to just give up. He'd no longer start to talk to someone if they didn't first talk to him. He'd stay at home unless someone invited him. He'd see how many people would actually make the effort.

---

He put away his bike, opened the door and locked himself in his room. He looked at the scatter of books lying around and picked one of them up. If anything, this little social experiment gave him a lot more of a chance to spend his time productively. He lay down on his bed and closed his eyes. He tried to remember what a non-platonic touch felt like. He couldn't. His phone buzzed, but he ignored it, getting to his desk again. It was a ritual he'd started, to start reading stories he considered more genuine, more worthy of attention. He'd feel sorry for himself and then convince himself he wasn't worthy of even his own pity. At least the internet had people who understood what it was like not to be understood.

It's not like he hadn't been on any dates at all. In fact, he'd had a pretty active dating life lately. Yet something kept holding him back, he pushed people away if they got too close. It's funny, the way he wanted nothing more than someone close to him, but intimacy scared him so much he did anything to avoid it. He'd end up making appointments, then making excuses not to keep them. He then makes excuses to himself for making those excuses and we come full circle.

How dense do you have to be to feel unloved, unappreciated even when people do show such strong interest? It's quite easy, really. Every time someone shows a positive reaction, it's just a fluke of sorts. When someone reacts negatively instead, it's regarded as the status quo. That's the self-fulfilling prophecy of depression, isn't it?

The best part? You know all this, you understand it all, you can get this kind of omniscient perspective on your entire situation. You can view your own viewpoint as just one of many, and therefore see its flaws. So what do you do with this knowledge? You write a story about it in third person, and your mindset doesn't change a bit.

---

It took quite a while, but inevitably, enlightenment struck. It was simply a matter of logic. Slowly, he realized people weren't as different as they seemed. Everyone pretty much has the same kind of feelings, but like him, they hid them from everyone else. This didn't change a thing about the fact that they too wanted companionship, friendship, all those things. But when he thought about how often he reached out to someone who seemed unreachable... never, really.

Most people have plenty of other people to be around. This didn't in any way diminish his chances, as if there wouldn't be any room for him. It just meant that he was the one who had to go out of his way to make himself desirable. Besides, what's the point of avoiding taking risks just to make sure you reach death safely? He sighed as he set about to change his entire view on life.

After a while, he had an entire new perspective fleshed out, for interacting with people. For one, why hold a grudge? Sure, if someone does you wrong, then you should do whatever you can to prevent them from doing you wrong ever again. This changes your relationship with that person. However, quite often you still have to see this person every day, because it's a classmate or a colleague or something like that. You shouldn't pretend you don't know them, just stay on good terms with them. You never know when it might come in useful. Just make sure to set boundaries.

Blame is meaningless. It might be all your fault, it might all be theirs. Why does it matter? What matters is the outcome. Worry about how you can improve the outcome, forget about how you can't. This empowers you to do what you can, because you don't expend energy trying to do something you can't. As for blame, forgive, but never forget. Everything that happens to you has some kind of lesson embedded that you take with you for the rest of your life. Never let anything convince you to forget those lessons.
