---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2012-11-13 22:24:47
layout: post
slug: amnesia
title: Amnesia
wordpress_id: 210
---

Just an old story I found. Might as well throw it up here. I must've written it a few years ago. No secret that it's based on [Amnesia: The Dark Descent](http://www.amnesiagame.com/).

* * *

_Found on notes, lying around. Date unknown. No trace of the author._

1\. I woke up a few hours ago. It wasn't difficult, finding a pen. Turns out it is rather difficult to use it, in my state. I have no idea where I am. On that note, I have no idea who I am. I can't concentrate. Why am I here? I... oh. I must remember. Remember. I'm Alex... Alexander. I think. Why can't I remember?
<!-- more -->
2\. That... thing. What was that? This place is starting to scare the hell out of me. First, the doors swung open by themselves. But there wasn't any wind! Where did it come from? And why can't I remember? I am haunted. I know that for sure. There is something here. It watches my every step. How long have I been here? I can't... I have no way of knowing. I've lost entire days. I think I blacked out, but I can't be sure. Why is this happening?

3\. I just found a note. It turns out I am Alexander Whitehouse. I wanted to forget. But why? And what is that thing? That... shadow. It keeps following me. I dare not attack it. I can only just outrun it. For now. I don't think it attacks in the darkness. I don't think I'll stay sane for much longer. I need to know what drove me to do this. What is so horrible that my only recourse would be in amnesia? I feel like I am my own antagonist. I did this to myself. At least I gave myself clear instructions. I am to kill Bernard. I will find him. I will kill him. I will find peace.

4\. It's watching me. Why? Why won't it stop? The eyes. The eyes are everywhere. They follow me. They just watch. Why can't they just get it over with? I can't take this. The sounds. Oh God, the sounds. They never fade. They never get closer. No matter how far I go. This is bey... oh no. NO.

5\. Saw it. Horrible. Close. Just ran. Think I lost it. Hiding in darkness. Won't survive. Can't escape. Must go on. Must kill. Horrible things. Anger. Rage. Coming back. Remember. Yes, remember. Can now. Barely. Remember. It... must... die. Yes. Die. Kill. Murder. The shadows. It lives. This... place. It's alive. I can't get out. It wants. Needs. Me. It won't let me go. I know too much. Why? I need to forget. I cannot forget. I will... kill. Murder. Resolve. Peace. Yes. Peace.


I still don't know what haunts this place. It seems unreal. It all does. At least I'm safe. It is still busy with him. But those cries. They're so loud. I should never have come here. I know that much. But I owe it. To Alexander. I have to fond him. I have to figure out what happened to him. I am only on the top level, and he went deep. Very deep. I'll have a long way to go. I hope I will make it. But the voices. The voices! Focus! Stay in the light. Don't lose yourself to the darkness. You'll be fine. And keep writing. He told you to. I would've expected to see some of his notes. I suppose he keeps them on himself. Well, I have to go on. - Bernard Burke
