---
author: admin
comments: true
date: 2012-05-29 16:43:47
layout: post
slug: story-2
title: Story 2
wordpress_id: 177
---

This is a sequel to the first chapter I posted [here](http://ardaxi.com/170/story/). Please read before continuing if you haven't already.

He put away his bike, opened the door and locked himself in his room. He looked at the scatter of books lying around and picked one of them up. If anything, this little social experiment gave him a lot more of a chance to spend his time productively. He lay down on his bed and closed his eyes. He tried to remember what a non-platonic touch felt like. He couldn't. His phone buzzed, but he ignored it, getting to his desk again. It was a ritual he'd started, to start reading stories he considered more genuine, more worthy of attention. He'd feel sorry for himself and then convince himself he wasn't worthy of even his own pity. At least the internet had people who understood what it was like not to be understood.

<!-- more -->It's not like he hadn't been on any dates at all. In fact, he'd had a pretty active dating life lately. Yet something kept holding him back, he pushed people away if they got too close. It's funny, the way he wanted nothing more than someone close to him, but intimacy scared him so much he did anything to avoid it. He'd end up making appointments, then making excuses not to keep them. He then makes excuses to himself for making those excuses and we come full circle.

How dense do you have to be to feel unloved, unappreciated even when people do show such strong interest? It's quite easy, really. Every time someone shows a positive reaction, it's just a fluke of sorts. When someone reacts negatively instead, it's regarded as the status quo. That's the self-fulfilling prophecy of depression, isn't it?

The best part? You know all this, you understand it all, you can get this kind of omniscient perspective on your entire situation. You can view your own viewpoint as just one of many, and therefore see its flaws. So what do you do with this knowledge? You write a story about it in third person, and your mindset doesn't change a bit.

The next instalment can be found [here](http://ardaxi.com/182/story-3-epiphany/).
