---
author: ArdaXi
comments: true
date: 2015-02-24 17:29:45
layout: post
slug: habits
title: Habits
---

I have a habit of only writing to deal with my feelings. I only need to deal
with bad feelings, which can naturally make it seem from my journal that I'm
just constantly depressed. So today I want to challenge myself to write a
purely positive text for once. I'm going to try and save any negative nuances
for a later post.
<!-- more -->
The past few weeks have been really good. I'm still alone, but that's okay, I
don't need anything more than what I have now. I have a great job, I have
people I can talk to. I'm going to LA for a week next month, even. I'm fucking
twenty years old and I'm doing this shit. I don't have any reason to complain.

When I feel like this, I'm also amazingly confident. I don't just feel like I
could do anything, I know it. I just walk around without worries at all.

---

Okay. I can't do it. This is… boring. Who the fuck cares about any of this?
It gets interesting when I start talking about how I'm still being held back
despite believing all of the above. So that's what I'm going to do, and there
is nothing I can do to stop me.

So yes, job. Job is good, sure. If, of course, I conveniently forget about the
imposter syndrome bullshit that keeps making me question how I got here. I'm
only twenty years old, after all. Fortunately, this part is less negative now
that I'm slowly realising I'm actually as good at my job as my colleagues are.

Ah, yes, the confidence. I can be amazingly confident. There is also the voice
that keeps wanting to temper it. I have no experience talking to people out of
the blue. I certainly don't have any experience propositioning people. I refuse
to be confident in doing things I have no experience in. The things I want
experience in require confidence. I can't stay this fucking passive all my life.

---

Okay, so this is roughly a cross-section of my mind. I like being positive
every once in a while, but truly, I can't fucking stand it. I am not honest.
I am not healthy. I can't possibly subject anyone else to that whirlwind, can I?

I'm just going to stay confident, happy and alone. It's the only way.
